---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---



# Questions of the Week

- Rummage around in Wikipedia looking for pages that you think you might be able to edit. In your weekly blog, write about what you find, or what you discovered and what was hard. In addition, update your progress on the issues you have isolated in your project.


------


I did some rummaging in Wikiepedia articles. Mostly things that interested me personally to see if I could make any possible edits like basketball players, tv shows, and dog species. For the most part, the articles were up to date for the most part. I saw very small grammar fixes that I could make in some of these articles but that were it. I guess it is really  true about Wikipedia being one of the biggest open source communities, so see it in the quality of the articles. 

So for our progess on contributing, In the Cassandra JIRA website, I assigned myself the open issue of writing documentation for the gossip protocol. 

Check it out -> https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CASSANDRA-13451

Roy will write the draft of the gossip protocol documentation this weekend for a pull request. Once Roy finishes his draft, I will clean it up and turn it into a pull request and do the procedure to get it through. The latest Roy mentioned that he  will have it done is by end of next weekend. 

Svetleen and Roy Lema will team up to do either Failure Detection and/or Token Ranges. One of them will draft it and the other of you will communicate with the community to get assigned to the issue and turn the draft into a pull request.