---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---


# Questions of the Week

- Write your understanding of what a community of practice is and what role this concept plays in a community built around an open source project

- Progress on the issues you have isolated in your project

--------


From both the reading, a community of practive boils down to a group of people who have a shared interest and are passionate enough about that interest that they are willing to dedicate time that they could be spending for personal enjoyment to be a active member in collaborating with other members to partake in that interest. The term is very broad so it can easily be applied to spaces in technology especially the various open source communities. In the first artice that was recommened for us to read, the author dicusses the difference between building a community of practice over the internet vesus building a website or product. The key differences being members of CoPs are volunteering their time, no payment of money involved and the level of activity. In a previous post, we discussed how important the level of activity is for picking a project to contribute to and drawing from that their were alot of interesting projects that I saw that did not have alot of activity on them lately in terms of comments, pull requests, issues, etc. Those projects now seems to be exactly what the author referred to as zombie community that they just focused on building a product and not like a shared goal or interest. I think we made the right choice in choosing to work on Apache Cassandra as it is the nest of both world. We are contributing to a product while workign towards the goal of providing access to distributed systems to everyone.

On the topic of our project, I will begin to make first contact to the community about where the issues are for the documentation we want to be focused on over the weekend. Shane will focus on creating more presentations for our weekly meetups so the other members of the group can get caught up to where me and Shane are at in terms of our knowledge of the architecture and distributed systems overall.
