---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---


# Questions of the Week

- Read this interesting article about Personalities in Open Source Projects and write your comments on it in your blog for the week ending on April 11.
- Read 25 Years Later: Interview with Linus Torvalds. It is 25 years since Linux was "distributed". Write your take-away about this interview in your blog.

-----------



I would say it's pretty obvious that understanding the personality types of the people who are working with makes for better collaboration and reaching the goal that everyone is trying to achieve. It is also important when it comes to distributing tasks for people to do. Some personality types work better when they are doing things by themselves or with other matching personality types. I ended up taking an online Myers-Briggs personality test to figure out my type. I ended up being classified as the Logistician (ISTJ-T) which the most abundant type in the around sitting at 13%. Basically, the test concluded that I am a hard-working, dependable introvert who takes pride in their work who doesn't believe in lucky numbers....Sounds about right. 

[!Mind](https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQAtFIGZo0h62UPC-AV8X6YaDoCRO6QpDtYqRiTqGwl2Sdhyaj9)

The biggest takeaway from the interview with Linus Torvald, outside of hating social media, was the importance of doing what you enjoy and letting that take you to where ever it may go as well as the importance of having an active community. Linux started out as a pet project and was expected by Linus to be replaced by some new upcoming OS. However due to the active community, Linux continues to be an example in the Open Source Community.