---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


# Questions Of The Week

- What things do you feel you need to learn the most to be able to contribute to open source projects? 
- What are the weak points that you want to strengthen? 


-----

In my opinion, the first thing you need to learn in otder to contribue the most to an open source projects is to internalize the reasoning behind the creation of the project and how a user woud actually use the project. Once you get into that mindset, from personal experiences with other projects, it jumpstarts ideas for which you can further develop into actual contributions whether they be bug fixes or new features. Another thing to learn is getting the project set up locally. I mentioned in last week's post about how documentation is a great way to contribute to a project. Sometimes the level of difficulty for getting a project set up can deter possible contributions unless that person is very devoted to project. 

Some weaks points that I can address is losing the fear of getting into really big projects. When I see projects with alot of code and sometimes from a glance it looks very complex and labyrinthine which at first deters me wanting to get involued or feeling like I need to more experinced as a programmer to really make a difference. Even times when it's a project written in a language that I am not familiar it, I look the other way. 

As time goes on, I'm realizing more and more that the progress of digging through code, getting confused and lost, and spending hours debugging stuff is what gives you the experience to take bigger and tougher projects.